Linjiang City is more than 200 miles away from Chang'an
My son has a heart
When did the child say
That tea is a specialty for my father
Nie Zi, do you still want to hide from the old man?
Lord Shangguan has already informed the old man
That tea is from you
Linjiang City made a special trip to bring it back to honor the old man
Hahahaha
Work late
My Money
You wait for me.
Hahaha
The child wanted to surprise his father
I didn't expect Mr. Shuangguan to say it first
That tea is precious
I also invite my father to taste it alone
Humph filial piety to filial piety
But one horse is one horse.
Lie down and pout your butt
Father, what are you trying to do, you evil son?
You forgot what the old man told you
Don't leave the middle book
You have to go to the house to eat and wait to die
I have to teach you two a lesson today.
Did father come here specially?
Not to thank the child for his filial piety
I'm here to smoke children
These two do not affect
Bring the family law
Hi, okay, okay.
It's all my fault
Plenary session on the progress of male sons-in-law
creator
You will be the pride of your mother
The child was actually busy because of climbing heavy trees
Let someone urge the galaxy
Mother, please let father kill me
The child is not married
Hahaha
Don't do stupid things, sheep
My mother is here today
Don't worry.
Look at what you've done to your children
The sheep are so cowardly now
You, the father, are to blame
Madam this negative child
That's not what it said at the door
You can't be serious about that.
Who is still thinking about sending you tea a hundred miles away?
What a filial child
You are so heartless
To such a filial child
What kind of bullying have you become?
Even filial piety has to be suggested by Lord Shangguan
If the sheep do something stupid
I don't live anymore
Hey ma'am
Okay, dry tweezers.
Design me, you wait for me.
It's really not over
madam madam